Our solution allows the participants to win every time.
The idea is that each person writes the parity of the permutation he can infer on paper.

Let us develop the reasoning.

Prior to the game, each player receives a number from 1 to 14.
Then the game master gives each player number. Sorting the players by ascending numbers gives them new numbers and effectively creates a permutation between their pre-game number and their rank in the ascending order.

Now each player can only sort the other 13 players and needs to give itself an arbitrary rank, let us say 1.
This allows the player to infer a permutation (which is not necessarely the real permutation but is particular to the player). The player can then assess the parity of this permutation. If the permutation is even, he writes 1. If the permutation is odd, he writes 0.

With this system, two players following each other in the rankings will get different numbers. In fact, if two such players have rankings i and i+1 (i between 1 and 13), the only difference between the permutations they each infer is that each player will rank itself 1 and the other player i+1. Thus the permutations they infer differ by a single transposition and their parity are different. 
Two players following each other in the rankings will then write different numbers on their paper.

We give a detailed example below:

Let us say we have a list of 14 players with their number associated.

p5 is the number of the person which received the 5th highest number.

Their rankings will be:
p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6, ..., p14

Let us say p6 and p7 are two players which follow themselves in the rankings (but they do not know that!), and then should have different colors.

What p6 sees is:
p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p7, p8....

By convention, each player puts itself first in the permutation he infers. 
The permutation for p6 is then the following:
p6, p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p7, p8, p9..., p14

What p7 sees is:
p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6, p8...

The permutation for p7 is then the following:
p7, p1, p2, p3, p4, p5, p6, p8, ..., p14

The permutations inferred by each player are in fact permutations of p1, p2, ...p14.
And the parities of the permutation of p6 and the permutation of p7 have different signatures (the two permutations differ by only one transposition, namely exchanging p6 and p7).
If we put 0 for the odd permutations and 1 for the even permutations, we will have alternate bits at the end.
